Q1: When a user changes the company. What happens to the project, resources and tasks?
I assume each company has its own set of project, resources and tasks and doesn't overlap
with other companies (p, r, t) ?

i.e a project, resource and task belong to a single company. Is this understanding correct?

Clarification: Projects have a many to one relationship with a Company and Tasks have a many to one relationship with a Project.
i.e. Assume that a project is not shared between companies and a task is not shared between projects.

Q2: I estimate we don't need the scale of google and facebook reaching 1B users for our database
design, based on some estimate and fair idea about which business ditio is in lets estimate the
range for the number of users be in range of 100k-10M as of now. So as to scope our discussion.
What do you think of this estimate?

Clarification: Yes at the moment, that scale is even smaller. But to design a solution for the range that you specified is more than enough.

Q3: There can be many projects inside the company, so the user is shown only a subset of it -
project he is been assigned/scheduled? So a company might have project p1, p2, p3, p4 etc.
But user A is scheduled for project p1, p3.

Is this understanding correct? 

Clarification: Yes that is correct. A user will usually work on a subset of projects in a company.

Q4. Similarly, a project can have many tasks, so the user is shown only a subset of these tasks
or all the tasks?

Clarification: Assume that the user has the ability to pick any of his scheduled projects and any task in the project when he checks in.

Q5. I think resources are company wide entity and can be used across different projects and tasks
albeit only when free and not used in some other task. Is this understanding correct?
So the same resource R1 can be shown to user in Project P1 -> task T1 and Project P2 -> task T2?
If a user select a resource, then should it become unavailble to other users who might have
that resource scheduled for them?

Clarification: Exactly right.
